Initial implementation of Subscription Docs (#609)
graphql-rust/juniper: docs/book/content/schema/schemas_and_mutations.md

# Schemas

> A schema consists of three types: a query object, a mutation object and a subscription object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A schema consists of three types: a query object, a mutation object, and a subscription object.
```

( The usage of subscriptions is a little different from the mutation and query objects, so there is a
specific [section][section] to handle this topic). 

> These three define the root query fields, mutations and subscriptions of the schema, respectively.

Reviewer 2: I'd tell users to use `EmptySubscription` if they do not need the subscription functionality. I think it would help people to avoid creating empty subscription type from scratch:

```
If mutations/subscriptions functionality is not needed, consider using 
[EmptyMutation][EmptyMutation]/[EmptySubscription][EmptySubscription].
```

> ( The usage of subscriptions is a little different from the mutation and query objects, so there is a
> specific [section][section] to handle this topic). 
> These three define the root query fields, mutations and subscriptions of the schema, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These three define the root query fields, mutations and subscriptions of the schema, respectively.

The usage of subscriptions is a little different from the mutation and query objects, so there is a specific [section][section] that discusses them.
```
